1) Problem statement
One of the newest issues in the field of optimization is the issue of travelling salesman with hotel selection. The motivation for this is that a salesperson often cannot visit all customers in a single day, as he can only work for a limited number of hours a day. This means that the seller must select a hotel every night, while the optimal sequence must be determined where all the customers are visiting. Every day should start and end at one of the available hotels and if a particular day ends at a particular hotel, the next day should start at the same hotel. The primary purpose of this problem is to minimize the number of days required, while the second is to minimize the total travel time. Although this may seem like a regular seller (TSP) problem, it is inherently more difficult due to the necessity of choosing a hotel. Selected hotels largely determine the entire length of the tour. The project uses a random search algorithm as well as high-powered hill climbing to explore and explore the problem space.
2) The general framework of the proposed random search algorithm
The problem with the circular seller is finding the shortest route between a number of cities. This route must visit each city exactly once and start and end in the same city. This problem is difficult to solve in non-polynomial time and it is widely believed that there is no efficient algorithm that can solve it with precision. On the other hand, the circular vendor problem is a very important issue because it is used in areas such as routing robots and drilling holes in PCBs and so on. Which sequences of cities and hotels to consider, plays a key role in determining the number of trips as well as the total cost, and in terms of the difficulty level it falls into the category of NP-Hard problems and the different approaches and approaches adopted to solve it. Is. Certainly, given the expanse of the problem dimensions, it is not possible to use definite algorithms and we need algorithms that can randomly search the problem space and find the optimal solution.
One of the newest issues in the field of optimization is the issue of travelling salesman with hotel selection. The motivation for this is that a salesperson often cannot visit all customers in a single day, as he can only work for a limited number of hours a day. Although this may seem like a regular seller (TSP) problem, it is inherently more difficult due to the necessity of choosing a hotel. Selected hotels largely determine the entire length of the tour.
Due to the inherent nature of the Random Search algorithm and its simplicity as well as the good use of runtime in generating a lot of results and a very high search and exploration power, this method was used to find relatively good, but not necessarily optimal, solutions. In this exercise, we use a random search algorithm to solve the problem of a Travelling seller by choosing a hotel. This method randomly selects different cities. After choosing the city, a hotel is also selected. If the time traveled from the current city to the selected city and then the selected hotel was less than the daily deadline, the choice would be accepted and then another city and another hotel would be chosen. If the time traveled from the current city to the selected city and Then the selected hotel is longer than the daily deadline, this choice is unacceptable and goes from the last accepted hotel to the selected hotel in the previous stage and this procedure continues for all days starting from the previous day's accommodation until all The towns meet, and finally, when all the cities are finished, return to hotel 0.
